
WORDPRESS
get details from Gareth's email


K313
====
Saving text in cubes activity
-----------------------------
Doesn't seem to be urgent. Need to know a bit more.

<========================================================================================>

KYN238
======
unit 17 asset brief is saved in 'WORK' folder on desktop

Interactive Diagram: Type 1 Diabetes
------------------------------------
updates from Penny - mail in paper folder
check it doesn't break alternative formats

Introducing the cast
--------------------
Thumbnail images and some text - each goes to a more detailed view of the particular person in question.
- need to discuss this with Vicky in more detail 

Postit activity with see-saw (weighing scales) visual feedback
--------------------------------------------------------------
[Darius is doing this now]
need to get up-to-date code for Darius
prototype needs to be ready for meeting (18 March?)

--------------------------------------------------------------

Dataplus: Psychology Questionnaire
----------------------------------
- issue about view when first visiting: probably fixed by changing settings

Dataplus: Compassion in Care
----------------------------
Need to finish off - first investigating image problems.
May have to take the risk of image problems - in which case inform Helpdesk+

Dataplusses (general):
----------------------
Penny will send list of ones which need to be cleared of records.
[some done - refer to Penny's mail of 28 Feb to see which still need doing]

<========================================================================================>

Y031
====
Text in tables activity.
- Project manager: Lindsey Smith
- see mail from Rachel Wild 24 Feb with link to VLE example

<========================================================================================>

Y033
==== Lindsey for deadlines
Open Design Studio - preparing the 14B presentation : deadline Wednesday 12 March (??)
---------------------------------------------------

share : hsc-y033 (nighthawk/palmcreeper)

Need to get spreadsheet from Online Services with Tutor/Student Allocations (the 'TSA table').
They get it from Circe.
Database is on chimp : open_design_studio_y033_13J
Play on dev/acceptance server. DB is shared with other presentations - so make sure you have changed the presentation code
in appropriate places.
The PHP script ( importTSA.php ? ) fills the:
 .. groupmembers and
 .. groups 
 tables. 
 If there are missing oucus, can get those from the VLE site (click on the Users link)
 Check Sams files.

Open Design Studio - setting up for examiners
---------------------------------------------
check if Adrian had a response from exams
what actually gets assessed?
who can see what?



<========================================================================================>

T176 14B
========
Module map (not really a module map) to convert to html5
--------------------------------------------------------
[Darren doing this now]
- perhaps SVG?
see link in mail from Jane: 29 January

<========================================================================================>

T215 Wordpress Customization
----------------------------
prepare for meeting with Gareth: see email from Gareth 17 March 2014

<========================================================================================>

T276
====
Swing (pendulum) activity
--------------------------
need to add code to degrade in IE8
need to submit for testing
apologise to Jon Owen and ask if he wants to submit reworked images

Come up with some wording for: Carol Morris and David Sharp - to explain the limitations of the swing and how it might be used. Show this to Stephen Jones before sending to Carol and David.


<========================================================================================>

T319
====

Drag and Drop activity
----------------------
24 cells? drag text into appropriate cells
worry about size - could it be split?
Paul Whittingham will send spec.

Mind Map
--------
see Jane's mail: 23 March for some specs.

<========================================================================================>

T877
====

Dataplus
--------
started by .. worked on by Jane
needs reworking for a future presentation
100 students max. (so should be ok for javascript reading-in of record data)
see mail from Frances Walton 26 March 2014

VLE Blog
--------
Can a structure be imposed? At present, students' entries for different parts of the course are mixed up with each other.
- is the Glossary tool an alternative?
- Robert Wood suggested a solution using existing VLE functionality: just divide into separate blogs and maybe have a way-in page.

<========================================================================================>

E304
====
Reply to Sarah North about highlighting activities.
mail: 31 January

